1.	Suppose you’re a web developer in a company and need to decide if you’ll use vanilla (plain) Python for a project, or a 
framework like Django instead. What are the advantages and drawbacks of each?

Vanilla Python is straightforward and easy to learn, especially for beginners.  The developer has complete control over the code and
can customize it exactly how you want without relying on any preset structures.  Some drawbacks are that you need to build everything
from scratch, including routing, database connections, and security, which can take longer to complete if doing from the ground up.  Also,
as your project grows, it will get increasingly more difficult to maintain and update.  Django provies pre-built components that speed up 
development so you do not have to start from scrath.  It also follows the DRY principles, which promotes code reusability and maintainability.
Some drawbacks are Django's learning curv that has its own conventions and terminology which might be overwhelming for a beginner.  You also
have to adhere to Django's struture which may limit yoru flexibility.

2.	In your own words, what is the most significant advantage of Model View Template (MVT) 
architecture over Model View Controller (MVC) architecture?

MVT simplifies web development by handling the controller part for the developer.  So essentially, you dont need to write as much code
compared to MVC.  MVT provides pre-made templates for displaying data.  MVC can be more complex in the sense that you have to split your
code into three separate parts (Model, View, and Controller), as your project grows it will be harder to maintain accros all three.  MVC 
conventions and terminlogy take longer to learn and comprehend than MVT.  Overall, MVT simplifies development with ready made tools.


3.	Now that you’ve had an introduction to the Django framework, write down three goals you have for yourself and your 
learning process during this Achievement. You can reflect on the following questions if it helps:
●	What do you want to learn about Django? 
I want to learn the basics, to understand the fundemental concepts like models, views, and templates.  
●	What do you want to get out of this Achievement? 
I want to be able to confidently build a small web application using Django so it an give me hands on practice for my learning/education.
●	Where or what do you see yourself working on after you complete this Achievement?
Gain confidence and explore some advanced features of Django.  I plan on applying for jobs withn the web dev field very soon, and the more
well rounded I am in my skill set, the better my chances are.  Python and Django are highly sought after at the moment, so I hope to learn and 
carry my new skills into the work force.

