1.	What is an Object Relational Mapper and what are the advantages of using one?

An Object Relational Mapper (ORM) is a tool that helps developers work with databases in their code more easily. 
Instead of writing complex SQL queries to interact with a database, an ORM allows developers to use programming language 
objects to represent database tables and rows.  Some of the advantages of using ORM, is simplicity in the sense that it allows
devleopers to use familiar prgramming language syntax to interact with databases.  It can also make code more maintainable by
providing clear separation between database and application.

2.	By this point, you’ve finished creating your Recipe app. How did it go? What’s something in the app that you did well with? 
If you were to start over, what’s something about your app that you would change or improve?

Overall, I enjoyed the recpie app. If i were to start over, I would consider expanding on the menu options as well as improving
the user interface and overall user experience.  For example, enhancing the design to make it more visually appealing and intuititve
for users to navigate.

3. Imagine you’re at a job interview. You’re asked what experience you have creating an app using Python. Taking your work for this 
Achievement as an example, draft how you would respond to this question.

I would highlight my work on the recipe app by explaining that I used Python along with SQLAlchemy to build a recipe management system.
I woudl also mention that i created a database schema, defined models for recipes, and implemented features/options such as adding new recipes, 
searching through ingredients, editing, and deleting recipes.  Overall, thsi project allwoed me to apply Python programming concepts in a
real world scenario using Python.

4.	You’ve finished Achievement 1! Before moving on to Achievement 2, take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far: 
a.	What went well during this Achievement? I was happy with how quickly I was able to pick up the basic concepts of python and create an app where all the functions worked
b.	What’s something you’re proud of?  Doing a little bit of extra with my assignments in terms of formatting, as well as my choose your own adventure game. 
c.	What was the most challenging aspect of this Achievement? Understanding and implementing SQLAlchemy and expanding on certain concepts that didn't come as easy.
d.	Did this Achievement meet your expectations? Did it give you the confidence to start working with your new Python skills?  I do feel like this was a very good introduction to Python and i look forward to the next achievement
e.	What’s something you want to keep in mind to help you do your best in Achievement 2?  Spend more time planning and organizing before I jump into an exercise or task.
