1.	Why is file storage important when you’re using Python? What would happen if you didn’t store local files?

File storage is important because it allows u to save data and retrieve it later.  If files didn't store data, you would
lose any information your program generates.  This will be important for information such as user 
preferences, user information, data..etc.


2.	In this Exercise you learned about the pickling process with the pickle.dump() method. What are pickles? 
    In which situations would you choose to use pickles and why? 

Pickles are a way to store Python objects so you can save them to a file or send them somewhere else.  You would 
choose pickles when you want to save complex Python data (like dictionaries) and keep them in tact to be able to use
them again later. 


3.	In Python, what function do you use to find out which directory you’re currently in? What if you wanted
   to change your current working directory?

You use the os.getcwd() function to find out the current directory.  If you wanted to change the directory, you 
would use os.chdir() and pass the path of the directory you want to chagne to as an argument.

4.	Imagine you’re working on a Python script and are worried there may be an error in a block of code. How would you 
    approach the situation to prevent the entire script from terminating due to an error?

To prevent the entire script from terminating, you could use a try-except block.  If there is an error, an except block
appears to notify the user of the error and guide them into fixing it.  This helps isolate the error and continuing the
rest of the script.


5.	You’re now more than halfway through Achievement 1! Take a moment to reflect on your learning in the course so far. 
How is it going? What’s something you’re proud of so far? Is there something you’re struggling with? What do you need 
more practice with? Feel free to use these notes to guide your next mentor call. 

Overall, I am really enjoying this course.  Althogh there is ALOT to learn and get familiar with, the concepts are relatively
simple and make sense.  I'm really proud of the extra choose your own adventure game I made (as suggested by my mentor), it 
was a lot of fun to do.  I would love to learn how to translate that into an actual playable game that can be accessed online.
In terms of struggles, I find indentation challenging and need more practice with it. I also need
more practice working with the libraries and modules.
