1.	What are databases and what are the advantages of using them?

Databases are like organized collections of information that computers can easily access and manage. They're useful because they 
can store large amounts of data in a structured way, making it easier to search for and retrieve specific information.


2.	List 3 data types that can be used in MySQL and describe them briefly:

In MySQL, there are different types of data that can be stored. Three examples are:

VARCHAR: This is used for storing text or strings of characters. It can hold variable-length strings, like names or descriptions.
INT: This is used for storing whole numbers. It's good for things like quantities or counts.
DATE: This is used for storing dates. It can hold dates like birthdays or event dates.


3.	 In what situations would SQLite be a better choice than MySQL?

SQLite is better than MySQL in situations where you want something simple and easy to use. SQLite doesn't need a separate server to run, 
so it's great for small projects or when you don't need to handle a lot of users at once.


4.	Think back to what you learned in the Immersion course. What do you think about the differences between 
    JavaScript and Python as programming languages?

JavaScript is like the language of the web. It's used to make websites interactive and do cool things like animations. Python is more 
like a friendly language that's easy to read and write. It's often used for things like analyzing data or making web servers.


5.	Now that you’re nearly at the end of Achievement 1, consider what you know about Python so far. 
    What would you say are the limitations of Python as a programming language?

One thing is that it can be slower than some other languages when it comes to doing really complicated calculations or handling lots of data. 
Also, while Python has a lot of libraries and tools, it might not have as many specialized tools for certain things compared to some other languages.
Lastly, Python has something called the Global Interpreter Lock, which can make it harder to use multiple processors at the same time for certain tasks.