Reflection
1.	What experiences have you had with coding and/or programming so far? What other experiences 
(programming-related or not) have you had that may help you as you progress through this course?  

Aside from this bootcamp and a couple random free tutorials I’ve done online over the last couple years, 
I had no expereience with coding and/or programming.  I grew up in the era of Myspace and remember really
enjoying the basic HTML that went along with it.  I suppose that curiosity never left me. 

2.	What do you know about Python already? What do you want to know?

Going into this, I really didn't know anything about Python.  I know that it is a very popular langauge 
at the moment, and everyone I spoke to prior to enrolling in my full-stack immersion told me to learn
Python.  I was very excited to see it offered as a specialization at the end of the course. 

3.	What challenges do you think may come up while you take this course? What will help you 
face them? Think of specific spaces, people, and times of day of week that might be favorable
 to your facing challenges and growing. Plan for how to solve challenges that arise. 

 So far, what i've expereienced are levels of confusion and frustration that I've never felt before.  I have
 a tendency to go really hard on myself and get frustrated when I don't understand something right away.
 I am constantly having to remind myself how difficult all of this is and that its okay to not understand it 
 right away.  I have a difficult time asking for help, so forcing myself to do so has also been a challenge.
 So far, what has helped me is allowing myself time to step a way from frustrating point.  It is not uncommon
 for me to get lost in something for 6-7 straight hours and force myself to continue until its done.  through
 this course, I've learned taking a couple hours or even a whole day breather can offer fresh insight and it
 usually helps me see what my issue was, etc. I tend to focus better later in the day, so I've been trying to
 plan my learning around that as well.

Exercise 1.1
 1.	In your own words, what is the difference between frontend and backend web development? If you 
 were hired to work on backend programming for a web application, what kinds of operations would 
 you be working on?

 -Front end web development involves creating the part of a website/application that the users see and/or
 interact with daily.  This includes features such as the layout and overall design.
 -Back end web development is all of the "behind the scenes" operations.  
 -If I were hired to work on backend programming I would be working on things like managing/maintaining
  a database, implementing security features for user authentication and/or user data, and overall just
  making sure that the application runs smoothly


2.	Imagine you’re working as a full-stack developer in the near future. Your team is asking for your 
advice on whether to use JavaScript or Python for a project, and you think Python would be the better 
choice. How would you explain the similarities and differences between the two languages to your team? 
Drawing from what you learned in this Exercise, what reasons would you give to convince your team that 
Python is the better option? 
(Hint: refer to the Exercise section “The Benefits of Developing with Python”)

*Similarities*
- Both are dynamically typed - meaning the variable type does not have to be declared prior to using it
- Both high level/advanced and highly popular
- Both have extensive libraries and frameworks to help make development easier

*Differences*
- JavaScript is primiarily used for frontend development, while Python is more used for backend
- Python has a simpler syntax compared to JavaScript, making it easier for developers to read and organize

Overall, Python is the better option due to its readable, and easy to understand syntax.  I would also
recommend it due to its vast built in packages to help simplify complex tasks.  (ex/ like the math module).

3.	Now that you’ve had an introduction to Python, write down 3 goals you have for yourself and your 
learning during this Achievement. You can reflect on the following questions if it helps you. What 
do you want to learn about Python? What do you want to get out of this Achievement? Where or what 
do you see yourself working on after you complete this Achievement?

GOALS:
- Learn the basics:  Start by understanding the basic syntax and concepts of Python.  I also want to practice
writing simple programs to get a feel for how Python works.
- Explore Python Libraries: I want to explore the Python libraries and frameworks that are commonly used,
such as Flask or Django.  See what those libraries do in a real-world project.
- Build/Complete a project:  Apply what I've learned and create a side Python project of my own.  (After
completing )



